Fix CSP middleware example (#7224)
cakephp/docs: en/controllers/middleware.rst

<https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src>`__
and ``strict-dynamic`` for increased security and easier maintenance::

    $policy = [

>         // Necessary for nonce to be set for script-src

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Must exist even if empty to set nonce for for script-src
```
Make it a little clearer based on the users experience
